(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal":
♪
Where's your pal Ray, so
we can this duel started?
He couldn't make it, Girag!
So you'll just be losing to me!
Why you little--
(Ray)
Hold everything!
Ray, you're here!
You shouldn't have come!
This Girag guy means
serious business!
So then why did you decide
to come here and duel?
Well--
Look, I know I'm
kinda new to dueling,
but I can't let you
fight my battles for me.
I get ya.
How about I take the
both of you on in a duel?
I activate a
Barian Sphere Field!
♪
You're gonna pay for
messing up Alito, Ray!
(yelling)
Go Barian Battlemorph!
♪
I Xyz summon Number 106!
Giant Hand!
Another Number over a hundred!
Giant Hand, Attack!
(yelling)
♪
Yuma, Ray!
I am not sure how
much longer I--
(yelling)
♪
Astral!
♪ Still together as one,
'cause divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone, erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls,
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing,
believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
♪
Astral, please...
speak to me!
I am here.
Yuma, I cannot keep
dueling by your side.
I am very sorry.
I must retreat to the
safety of the Key at once.
The Sphere Field's
effects are too great
for me to withstand any more--
But know this my friend:
I have great faith
that you can win...
If you just feel the flow.
♪
I won't let you down.
Just like Astral,
I would say your chances
of winning have disappeared.
♪
What are you doing?
Looks like he's
taking off his Key.
Tori!
Heads up!
♪
Yuma!
Hold on to my Key for me.
Please keep it safe
until we win this.
And Ray, don't worry,
I'll protect you.
We'll get through
this duel together.
Ha, impossible!
There is no way
you can fight me
and keep an eye on Ray!
I look forward to
watching you try and fail.
♪
Yuma doesn't have to
worry about me, Girag.
I can take care of
myself with this!
I'm summoning Shining Sly!
With this card, when there's
an Xyz Monster on the field,
I can't get attacked!
Now Yuma can take
his mind off me
and focus on you.
Then I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Yuma, go ahead,
it's your move!
Aww, yeah!
My turn!
I draw!
I summon Gogogo Golem!
♪
Giant Hand may be
able to put a stop
to my monster's
special abilities,
but who needs those when
my monster's stronger!
It's time to do some damage
by using Utopia and Golem
as a one-two punch!
Go, Utopia!
Attack Giant Hand!
Rising Sun Slash!
♪
Utopia?
What's going on?
Nothing good, Yuma.
Nothing good!
Oh, no!
♪
Utopia, no!
What--what happened?
Was that my fault?
For once, no!
When Giant Hand negated
Utopia's special abilities,
it also booby trapped Utopia,
so that if it ever
attacked my Giant Hand,
it would be destroyed.
Oh, man!
This is just the beginning.
There is so much more to come.
You see, I have you right
in the palm of my hand.
Seriously?
Oh, I would not
lie about this!
You are going to take damage
equal to Utopia's
attack points!
Attack, Giant Hand!
Not on my watch!
I activate Shining
Sly's special ability!
♪
Now by tributing Gogogo
Golem, Yuma takes no damage!
Do you get me?
Or should I hammer
the point home?
♪
Looks like your life points
are safe and sound now, Yuma.
♪
Not so fast.
By using one overlay unit,
Giant Hand stops your
Shining Sly's special ability!
Go Upper Hand Drillbit Demise!
♪
I can't believe this!
Aww, man!
And now back to Yuma.
Before Ray bought
you a little time,
you were set to take a serious
pounding from my monster,
Hand Destruction!
(explosions)
(yelling)
♪
Yuma, no!
Each move you make is
worse than the last one!
I pity you, Yuma.
Having to make up for your
latest blunder will not be easy.
♪
Yuma, I'm so sorry.
Please forgive me.
No sweat, I'll handle it.
You will?
Yeah.
I just got to figure out how.
But it won't be easy.
If he attacks next
turn, I'm finished.
I gotta make sure he can't
and Swords of Burning Light
will make that a reality.
I activate the spell
Swords of Burning Light!
♪
Now with this on my
field, no one can attack.
I have to watch what I do,
'cause if I summon a
monster to my field,
Swords of Burning
Light will be destroyed.
I gotta play this safe.
I end my turn.
And now, I draw!
I activate the spell
Rank-Up-Magic Barian's Force!
♪
This card ranks up my Giant
Hand into a Chaos Xyz Monster.
Things just got a
whole lot tougher!
I overlay my Rank 4 Giant Hand!
♪
And with this monster, I
rebuild the Overlay Network!
Go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
Come forth,
Chaos Number 106,
Giant Red Hand!
With the power to
harness this chaotic world,
its fist will smash the land!
Its fingers will tear the sky!
♪
That's scary!
That thing looks ready
to bring some pain our way!
How right you are!
I activate Giant Red
Hand's special ability!
By using one
Chaos Overlay Unit,
all other face-up cards
lose their effects!
Heavy Handed Hurricane!
♪
My Swords of Burning Light!
Now, without your Swords
of Burning Light to stop it,
my Giant Red Hand can
attack you directly!
-Not good.
-Yuma!
Onslaught Spiral!
♪
Not so fast!
I activate Shining Stunt!
By taking half your monster's
attack points as damage,
this trap stops
your monster's attack
and ends the battle!
♪
So Yuma's safe.
Ray, no!
♪
Oh no, Ray!
I just wanted to do
something right for a change.
♪
Just wish you hadn't
gotten yourself hurt.
But getting hurt
is the only way
that Ray can do anything right!
I place two cards facedown,
and then I activate the field
spell Erosion Hand Forest!
♪
And it will really grow on you.
Every time it is my turn, we
all take 1,000 points of damage!
But that means--
On my next turn,
I automatically win!
♪
Man, I hope Yuma and Ray know
what they're doing in there!
I've got my fingers
and toes crossed for 'em.
♪
Yuma--
This is it, we only
have one turn left!
Yuma, listen to me.
No matter how badly it
looks like I'll get hurt,
do not bail me out this time.
You've been a great friend,
and now I plan to
return the favor.
But Ray--
Get ready to hand over
those Numbers, Yuma.
And Ray, you never should
have messed with Alito!
Remember that when I
bring you down next turn!
I wouldn't be so
sure about that!
Now I draw!
♪
And summon my Shining
Rabbit onto the field!
♪
Next I'll activate the
spell card Shining Bridge!
♪
It allows my Shining Rabbit
to attack you directly!
(yelling)
♪
And if the attack succeeds,
I can destroy your
Erosion Hand Forest!
♪
That's amazing!
I didn't know you
had it in ya, Ray!
I'm full of surprises!
Hop to it, Rabbit!
Ha, your monster should
look before it leaps!
I activate the trap Hand Vice!
It will smash your
Shining Rabbit in its tracks!
♪
And things are going
from bad to worse, Ray.
You also take damage equal
to Shining Rabbit's
attack points!
Oh no--
That is putting it lightly.
♪
What happened?
I played the trap
card Desperate Guard.
♪
Desperate Guard?
This trap card lets me
pay half of my life points,
so Ray won't take any damage!
But why, Yuma?
(yelling)
♪
The more you try
to help each other,
the more you hurt each other!
You two are a joke!
Yuma, how could you?
Don't you remember I asked you
not to bail me out anymore!
Yeah Ray, I know.
But that's just
not how I roll.
I'm not the kind of guy who
can just sit back and watch
while his friends get hurt
and he does nothing at all!
♪
I understand.
Now I draw!
Go right ahead!
I have a trap waiting for you.
I activate Damaging Hand!
Yuma, since you do not have
any monsters on your field,
you take 300 points of damage
for every card in your hand!
I got three cards, so that
means I'm in big trouble!
That is right!
You take 900 points of damage,
more than enough to wipe out
the rest of your life points!
♪
Think again!
I activate the trap
Shining Reborn!
I tribute two of my
monsters on my field
to send Yuma's entire
hand to the graveyard!
♪
You know what you have done?
Blocked your move, that's what!
If your opponent has no cards,
Damaging Hand has no effect!
How dare you!
Uh, Ray?
And there's more!
Shining Rabbit
summons an Xyz Monster
back from Yuma's graveyard!
I bring back
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
When did this twerp
learn how to duel?
Now why worry about that?
You have bigger problems.
Like Shining Reborn's
last effect.
I can give a card to Yuma.
Here, catch!
No way!
It's Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force!
♪
A Barian card?
How'd you get this?
I'll explain everything later.
But first, let's win!
By using a Barian
card...I don't know.
Yuma, I need you
to trust me on this.
Can you do that
for me, for a friend?
I wanna trust Ray.
But should I?
He had a Barian Card?
These things have been
nothin' but trouble!
Still I gotta win for Astral!
And that means there's
only one thing for me to do!
I'm feeling the flow!
I activate Rank-Up-Magic
Limited Barian's Force!
(together)
Time to overlay
Number 39: Utopia!
♪
I rebuild the Overlay
Network with Utopia!
♪
(together)
Now go Chaos Xyz Evolution!
♪
Come on out, Chaos
Number 39: Utopia Ray V!
♪
Whoa!
Utopia just got
a major upgrade!
That's right.
This is your new monster, Yuma.
Man, Utopia's had a
real big growth spurt!
That's a good thing, right?
What, how could they
summon a Chaos Number?
There is more to these
two than meets the eye!
-Now, Yuma!
-Yeah!
I activate Utopia Ray
V's special ability!
I can use one Chaos Overlay
Unit to destroy your monster!
♪
Utopia Ray V,
destroy Giant Red Hand!
♪
Go, spinning
Blades of Destruction!
♪
You take damage equal to Giant
Hand Red's attack points, Girag!
(explosions)
♪
Now to finish you off for good!
Utopia Ray V,
attack Girag directly!
♪
Rising sun star slash!
Hey, Ray, look.
♪
You--
Ray, how did you
have a Barian Card?
Just who are you?
Oh, don't worry
you'll find out.
Well, eventually.
♪
The Sphere's going haywire!
We beat him.
That's right,
thanks to you.
You stood by my side and
trusted me all the way.
And I realize that may
not have been easy to do.
You are a true friend.
Wait, just hang on there, Ray!
You still gotta tell me
what's up with that Barian card.
You got some explaining to do!
I'm with the Barian
Cosmic Crime Unit.
Hang on, Ray.
Did you say the B-word?
Yes I did.
Does this shock you?
No, I'm cool.
So, uh, you mean--
No way, you're a Barian?
Shh.
♪
Yuma!
And Ray!
Hey, you guys won!
Yeah, all right!
Well it's all thanks to Yuma.
I kept making mistakes, but
he pulled us both through!
No matter how ugly things
got, he never gave up on me.
Yuma, here.
Thanks, Tori.
♪
Yuma, well done, my friend.
(Yuma)
So, you've known about
Astral this whole time?
(Ray)
I've been able to see him since
I first arrived in your world
and began my mission.
What mission?
To find Barian criminals
hiding among you.
♪
So on Barian World there's
good guys and bad guys?
Correct, Yuma.
Barian World isn't
an evil place,
but some step out of line.
That's the truth.
And now that you know,
let's work together.
You serious?
Awesome!
When Astral finds out
there's a Barian good guy
workin' to nab the
evil ones, he'll flip!
He cannot find out.
This has to be our secret.
But how come?
I have to stay undercover.
If Astral were to
know of my existence,
he would be in even greater
danger than he is now.
The fewer people that
know about me the better.
I do not want anyone
else learning the truth.
Can I trust you, as a friend,
to keep my secret?
Of course, totally!
Okay, then starting today,
you're my new sidekick!
I always thought you had the
makings of a great underling!
That sounds awesome to me.
I won't let you down, Ray!
Yeah!
Though I can't say
the same for myself!
♪